	We?ve all heard the saying ?You get for what you've paid for?, but that is not always the case. We all know of operating systems, like Apple?s that start with ?i?s and the mess we call Microsoft Windows. Those are both what is called proprietary - which can mean many things, but I'll focus on the fact that those are not developed in the open. OSS, or open-source software, allows users to study, change, and distribute the software and its source code under a license. Windows is closed source; there is no way (or easy way) to view the source, modify, and change it. It does not have to be this way, and a primary example of an open-source operating system is Linux.
	Linux is many things. It is distributed in the form of distros. Think of them as a box of Legos. Each brick is a part of the operating system. When you assemble the bricks, you can choose different themes to customize the look and theme. One popular distro, Debian, which is one of the oldest and is the base of most active distros, is maintained by volunteers. These people who work on this incredibly fundamental project aren't expecting money. They are doing it out of kindness. Since these are volunteers, you might expect it to be riddled with bugs and security issues, but I assure you, that is not the case. When there's a security weakness found on Windows, it's like any normal Tuesday. But if there's one found for Linux, it?s a huge deal even if it?s already patched because it happens so rarely. 
	Linux is everywhere, about 96.3% of servers use Linux. Huge companies have adopted Linux, for example, Google uses it for Android and ChromeOS. Linux is amazing, and the fact that it is free and is better than the paid-for operating systems makes it even more impressive. When doing volunteer work, it is important not to do the bare minimum if you want to make an impact. These developers spend a lot of time maintaining this very incredible project, and I think it is important for their work to be more widespread. I did not get into Linux until, out of all things, I decided to try Ev3Dev, an old project that ported Debian to the Lego Mindstorms Ev3. This got me to try out Debian, and later on, other distros too, like Ubuntu, Manjaro, and Arch.
	I hope you all learned something today or at least got my message that kindness can change how everything works. Thank you.

